Send to your hospital
Borrow your money
It's the test that Guan's family gave me
If you don't do this for me
I'm gonna be in big trouble
Captain Jiang, just treat it as if I owe you a favor
If you are really sorry
Then borrow your money and pay it back to me later.
As for the hospital
Just treat it as you manage it for me first, okay?
An excuse for clumsy abuse
Only ghosts believe what you say
Well, I didn't expect to fool it like this.
Hey Jiang Team Leader
Isn't your dad still in the hospital?
Then I won't keep you. Okay.
Even if I manage the hospital for you first
I'll pay you back the money I lent you. Okay.
Slow down on the road.
Good road
This house doesn't work, you've changed it
Change house Xiaolu Xuan
I can't let you pimple this baby
Good pig palm
I'll take care of it.
Then I'll go first. Okay, call me if you have anything
Bye. Bye.
Ordinary colleagues are so skilled
That won't work.
Look, I got it all.
Congratulations to the host for liberating his personal account
Get hospital simp consumption rebate two pages
Personal account current limit Two pages 500,000
Finally won the prize
Otherwise, I will suffer a lawsuit from Chenghe Hospital
The old man has to sit and wear it